[docs] Update HTTP signature docs a bit (#2721)
superseriousbusiness/gotosocial: docs/federation/federating_with_gotosocial.md

GoToSocial uses the [superseriousbusiness/httpsig](https://github.com/superseriousbusiness/httpsign) library (forked from go-fed) for signing outgoing requests, and for parsing and validating the signatures of incoming requests. This library strictly follows the [Cavage http signature RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-12), which is the same RFC used by other implementations like Mastodon, Pixelfed, Akkoma/Pleroma, etc. (This RFC has since been superceded by the [httpbis http signature RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures), but this is not yet widely implemented.)

### Query Parameters

> The HTTP signature spec used is ambiguous about whether or not query parameters should be included in the URL used to generate and validate signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP signature spec is open to interpretation about whether or not query parameters should be included in the URL used to generate and validate signatures.
```
